README.md, before:

[![dependency status](https://deps.rs/repo/github/elkowar/eww/status.svg)](https://deps.rs/repo/github/elkowar/eww)

# Eww

<img src="./.github/EwwLogo.svg" height="100" align="left"/>

Elkowars Wacky Widgets is a standalone widget system made in Rust that allows you to implement
your own, custom widgets in any window manager.

Documentation **and instructions on how to install** can be found [here](https://elkowar.github.io/eww).

Dharmx also wrote a nice, beginner friendly introductory guide for eww [here](https://dharmx.is-a.dev/eww-powermenu/).

## Eww needs your opinion!
I've hit a bit of a design roadblock for one of the bigger features that are in the works right now.

**Please read through https://github.com/elkowar/eww/discussions/453 and share your thoughts, ideas and opinions!**

## Examples

(Note that some of these still make use of the old configuration syntax.)

* A basic bar, see [examples](./examples/eww-bar)
![Example 1](./examples/eww-bar/eww-bar.png)

* [Some setups by Druskus20](https://github.com/druskus20/eugh)
![Druskus20-bar](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/druskus20/eugh/master/polybar-replacement/.github/preview.png)

* [My own vertical bar](https://github.com/elkowar/dots-of-war/tree/master/eww-bar/.config/eww-bar)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/elkowar/dots-of-war/master/eww-bar/.config/eww-bar/showcase.png" height="400" width="auto"/>

* [Vertical Bar by Rxyhn](https://github.com/rxyhn/bspdots)

<div align="left">

![Rxyhn-rice](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93292023/152228869-d618335a-7a1e-40f7-95f9-b1cf401be89e.gif)

</div>

* [Setup by Axarva](https://github.com/Axarva/dotfiles-2.0)
![Axarva-rice](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Axarva/dotfiles-2.0/main/screenshots/center.png)

* [Setup by adi1090x](https://github.com/adi1090x/widgets)
![Nordic](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adi1090x/widgets/main/previews/dashboard.png)

* [i3 Bar replacement by owenrumney](https://github.com/owenrumney/eww-bar)
![Top bar](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/owenrumney/eww-bar/master/.github/topbar.gif)
![Bottom bar](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/owenrumney/eww-bar/master/.github/bottombar.gif)

* [Setups by iSparsh](https://github.com/iSparsh/gross)
![iSparsh-gross](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57213270/140309158-e65cbc1d-f3a8-4aec-848c-eef800de3364.png)

* [topbar by saimoomedits](https://github.com/Saimoomedits/eww-widgets)

<div align="center">

![eww-top-bar](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/72156551/153045183-227b62b2-223a-4a5b-a499-3f31044b5b65.gif)

</div>


## Contribewwting

If you want to contribute anything, like adding new widgets, features, or subcommands (including sample configs), you should definitely do so.

### Steps
1. Fork this repository
2. Install dependencies
3. Smash your head against the keyboard from frustration (coding is hard)
4. Write down your changes in CHANGELOG.md
5. Open a pull request once you're finished

Commit message:

add EWW_GPU variable support(for now nvidia only)

README.md, after:

# Fork specials

1) Better nix packaging
2) Home manager module with fix for configDir variable
3) swapped left and right click for objects in systray
4) only wayland support(x11 and macos deprecated)
5) optional support for nvidia gpus temprature
6) EWW_GPU variable(for now nvidia only)

# Fork TODO

1) improve automated testing
2) add support for intel and amd gpus in EWW_GPU
3) migrate from yuck to json?

# Eww

<img src="./.github/EwwLogo.svg" height="100" align="left"/>

EWW is a standalone widget system made in Rust that allows you to implement
your own, custom widgets in any window manager.

Documentation **and instructions on how to install** can be found [here](https://elkowar.github.io/eww).

Dharmx also wrote a nice, beginner friendly introductory guide for eww [here](https://dharmx.is-a.dev/eww-powermenu/).

## Examples

(Note that some of these still make use of the old configuration syntax.)

* A basic bar, see [examples](./examples/eww-bar)
![Example 1](./examples/eww-bar/eww-bar.png)

* [Some setups by Druskus20](https://github.com/druskus20/eugh)
![Druskus20-bar](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/druskus20/eugh/master/polybar-replacement/.github/preview.png)

* [My own vertical bar](https://github.com/elkowar/dots-of-war/tree/master/eww-bar/.config/eww-bar)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/elkowar/dots-of-war/master/eww-bar/.config/eww-bar/showcase.png" height="400" width="auto"/>

* [Vertical Bar by Rxyhn](https://github.com/rxyhn/bspdots)

<div align="left">

![Rxyhn-rice](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93292023/152228869-d618335a-7a1e-40f7-95f9-b1cf401be89e.gif)

</div>

* [Setup by Axarva](https://github.com/Axarva/dotfiles-2.0)
![Axarva-rice](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Axarva/dotfiles-2.0/main/screenshots/center.png)

* [Setup by adi1090x](https://github.com/adi1090x/widgets)
![Nordic](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adi1090x/widgets/main/previews/dashboard.png)

* [i3 Bar replacement by owenrumney](https://github.com/owenrumney/eww-bar)
![Top bar](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/owenrumney/eww-bar/master/.github/topbar.gif)
![Bottom bar](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/owenrumney/eww-bar/master/.github/bottombar.gif)

* [Setups by iSparsh](https://github.com/iSparsh/gross)
![iSparsh-gross](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57213270/140309158-e65cbc1d-f3a8-4aec-848c-eef800de3364.png)

* [topbar by saimoomedits](https://github.com/Saimoomedits/eww-widgets)

<div align="center">

![eww-top-bar](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/72156551/153045183-227b62b2-223a-4a5b-a499-3f31044b5b65.gif)

</div>


## Contributing

If you want to contribute anything, like adding new widgets, features, or subcommands (including sample configs), you should definitely do so.

### Steps
1. Fork this repository
2. Install dependencies
3. Smash your head against the keyboard from frustration (coding is hard)
4. Write down your changes in CHANGELOG.md
5. Open a pull request once you're finished
